Text:
Participants focused on the critical need to strengthen OT cybersecurity as a community

July, 10, London, U.K. – Dragos Inc., the global leader in cybersecurity for industrial controls systems (ICS)/operational technology (OT) environments, held its first Dragos Europe Forum at the iconic Battersea Power Station June 26-28. The event brought together members of the operational technology (OT) community to inform, exchange ideas, and network. The event was a celebration of the growing community of practitioners focused on OT cybersecurity in Europe and a testament to Dragos’s commitment in the region.

The event featured a keynote address by Dragos CEO and Co-Founder Robert M. Lee, on the industrial threat landscape, during which he introduced the event’s most prevalent theme: the need to take immediate action to improve ICS/OT cybersecurity and the critical role cybersecurity plays in operational resilience. Following the keynote, experts from Dragos, partners, and OT asset owners and operators led sessions on a range of topics, from OT incident response, to the important role cybersecurity practitioners play at plants, PIPEDREAM as the first OT attack framework capable of impacting all industrial sectors through multiple deployments; and how to establish an OT Security Operations Center (SOC). The three-day event also included training and workshops for attendees.

Approximately 150 OT asset owners and operators from 16 countries attended the inaugural event for Dragos in Europe. The venue, the newly refurbished Battersea Power Station, was a nod to how practitioners in the energy industry were trailblazers for early cybersecurity protection adoption. As Dragos Chief of Staff Phil Tonkin described during opening remarks, Battersea took three years to supply energy to London—signifying determination—and over 30 years to reach completion—showing longevity. These values align with Dragos’ mission to safeguard civilisation, both in the immediate future and long-term.

“With the rapidly developing threat landscape we at Dragos are passionate about helping industrial owners and operators do all they can, with what they have, from where they are, to improve their ICS/OT cybersecurity posture,” said Tony Atkins, Associate Vice President, Europe and Africa. “Attendees told us it was invaluable to participate as a community, sharing lessons learned and best practices, and focusing on pragmatic consequence-driven approaches. We will continue to foster this community and I am already looking forward to next years’ event!”

About Dragos, Inc.
Dragos has a global mission to safeguard civilization from those trying to disrupt the industrial infrastructure we depend on every day. The Dragos Platform offers the most effective industrial cybersecurity technology, giving customers visibility into their ICS/OT assets, vulnerabilities, threats, and response actions. The strength behind the Dragos Platform comes from our ability to codify Dragos’s industry-leading OT threat intelligence, and insights from the Dragos services team, into the software. Our community-focused approach gives you access to the largest array of industrial organizations participating in collective defense, with the broadest visibility available.

Our solutions protect organizations across a range of industries, including electric, oil & gas, manufacturing, building automation systems, chemical, government, water, food & beverage, mining, transportation, and pharmaceutical. Dragos is privately held and headquartered in the Washington, DC area with regional presence around the world, including Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, and the Middle East.

Media Contact:
Lara Joseph
lara@eskenzipr.com
+44 (0)207 183 2834

Dragos European Forum, OT cybersecurity event, industrial asset owners
