Text:
To safeguard civilization from those trying to disrupt the industrial infrastructure we depend on every day.

What We Do

We make the industry’s most intelligent and intuitive cybersecurity platform for Operational Technology (OT). Customers gain visibility, monitoring, and threat management for the OT, IT, and IoT assets within industrial environments, powered by continuous insights from Dragos’s threat intelligence and services team.

The most advanced industrial cybersecurity software to help you protect against, detect and respond to cyber threats.

Actionable threat intelligence and defensive recommendations focused on global threats to industrial control systems and operational technology.

August 8, 2025 11:58 AM

Proactive and responsive services to support and become an extension of your team to better prepare for, combat, and respond to industrial cyber threats.

August 8, 2025 01:37 PM

Neighborhood Keeper is the largest anonymized information-sharing network to allow opt-in participants to leverage community-wide OT intelligence on assets, threats, and vulnerabilities.

August 8, 2025 12:01 PM

Dragos OT-CERT

Dedicated to addressing the OT security gap that exists in industrial infrastructure with free cybersecurity resources and support.

Our mission to protect civilization drives everything we do.

Dragos was founded by cybersecurity experts trusted across governments and industries to investigate and respond to history’s most significant cyber attacks on industrial control systems. Dragos brings unmatched real-world experience to every challenge.

Investigated and analyzed the first successful cyber attack on the power grid in Ukraine.

December

Analyzed CRASHOVERRIDE malware responsible for the second Ukraine electric grid cyber attack.

April

Dragos was founded. Dragos Platform, Threat Intelligence, and Professional Services launched.

Analyzed the TRISIS malware responsible for the petrochemical facility attack in the Middle East.

November

Dragos opens its new global headquarters in Hanover, MD, with hands-on training facilities and multiple ICS cyber ranges to simulate various threat scenarios across industries.

Dragos CEO and co-founder Robert M. Lee testifies before Congress on the security and resiliency of critical energy infrastructure in the U.S.

March

Dragos launches Neighborhood Keeper, now the largest anonymized information-sharing network used by the broader OT and intelligence community.

October

Dragos expands U.S. operations with new Houston office to answer high demand for industrial cybersecurity in energy and manufacturing.

OT Watch launches to offer advanced threat hunting service to help customers escalate critical events on the Dragos Platform with a team of OT cybersecurity practitioners.

Dragos expands globally into Australia, New Zealand, the United Kingdom, Middle East, and the European Union to meet growing industrial cybersecurity demands.

Dragos launches OT-CERT to provide free OT cybersecurity resources for the industrial cyber community and bolster threat and vulnerability coordination.

June

CVE Authority recognizes Dragos as a Numbering Authority for Common Vulnerabilities and Exposures (CVEs).

September

Dragos and Aramco sign MOU regarding protection of critical infrastructure in Saudi Arabia, creating a path for a local hardware facility and OT cyber training academy.

Community Defense Program (CDP) launches to deliver free industrial cybersecurity technology to water, electric, and natural gas providers with under $100M in revenue in the U.S.

Robert M. Lee testifies before Congress to heighten awareness of cyber threats to water and wastewater facilities and steps to secure OT/ICS.

February

Dragos launches Public Sector subsidiary to address OT cybersecurity challenges in the government, including U.S. federal agencies.

Dragos and Singapore’s Digital and Intelligence Service sign MOU to jointly develop advanced cybersecurity capabilities and facilitate two-way information sharing about cyber threats.

January

Dragos expands its Community Defense Program to qualifying water, electric, and natural gas providers in Canada.

Robert M. Lee testifies to Congress on the global threat to critical infrastructure 15 years after Stuxnet.

July

Take the next step to protect your ICS environment now with a free demo.
