Text:
INSIGHTS

The North American Electric Reliability Corporation (NERC) Critical Infrastructure Protection (CIP) Reliability Standards are a set of requirements designed to protect critical infrastructure vital to the reliable operation of North America’s Bulk Electric System (BES) from cyber and physical security threats.

How Dragos Helps Support NERC CIP Requirements

Implementing NERC CIP requirements can be challenging because of their complexity and rigorous compliance requirements across diverse operational environments. Learn how the Dragos Platform can be utilized in a NERC CIP program, and how the Dragos Services team can help.

How the Dragos Platform Can be Utilized in a NERC CIP Program

The Dragos Platform enhances the cybersecurity posture in these critical environments through comprehensive asset and network visibility, threat detection, vulnerability management, and investigation and response. It integrates intelligence from our adversary threat hunters and service engagement findings to ensure customers have the most comprehensive detections, up-to-date vulnerability guidance, and Operational Technology (OT) cyber threat intelligence updated weekly in the Dragos Platform.

How Dragos Helps Support NERC CIP Reliability Standards

The Dragos Services team provides expertise to help evaluate and mature OT security practices, and the Threat Intelligence team delivers contextual awareness on new threats and vulnerabilities, empowering organizations to make informed decisions about their security posture.

Guide

Download your free NERC CIP-015 guide by SANS expert Tim Conway. Get a detailed breakdown of the three key aspects of CIP-015: collecting, detecting, and evaluating east-west network traffic. See what effective internal network security monitoring (INSM) looks like in practice and walk away with actionable guidance to help Compliance and Security teams prepare for upcoming CIP-015 deadlines. Start planning now.

Report

Download the Dragos WorldView Threat Intelligence threat landscape report focused on electric sector cyber threats today and take a significant step towards safeguarding critical infrastructure.

Solution Brief

Download our brief for a direct mapping of support for the specific NERC CIP requirements.

September 3, 2025 11:50 AM

Get this guide for expert insights, practical strategies, and a clear roadmap to enhance your ICS security to prioritize the tools you need for effective network visibility.

September 16, 2025 06:40 PM

Platform: The Dragos Platform employs passive monitoring techniques to observe and identify devices connected to the network.
Services: Architecture Reviews assist in understanding the most critical systems, essential network infrastructure, and the potential consequences of a cyber attack.

Services: Cybersecurity Program Maturity Reviews, such as Cybersecurity Capability Maturity Model (C2M2), evaluate an organization’s current cybersecurity posture, capabilities, and practices.

Community Resources: To satisfy requirements that individuals with access to critical assets are properly trained, Dragos supports NERC CIP customers with the following focused on OT cybersecurity for their personnel:

Dragos Academy

OT-CERT

Dragos WorldView

Platform:

Dragos sensors can be strategically placed in the environment to accommodate monitoring within the ESP and outside the ESP.

The Dragos Platform can help entities identify external communications that may not be routed through an Electronic Asset Point (EAP).

The Dragos Platform identifies remote access session activities and visually depicts which connections are present over time.

The Dragos Platform can be deployed for detecting malicious code, utilizing sensors in environments where traditional antivirus software cannot be installed.

The Dragos Platform logs events and generates alerts for applicable cyber assets by detecting malicious code, successful login attempts, failed access attempts, and failed login attempts.

The Dragos Platform can help identify logical ports and the associated service name that have either initiated or received communications on cyber assets.

Platform: Overall, the Dragos Platform enhances incident reporting and response planning by providing robust detection capabilities, centralized management, automated response workflows, forensic analysis tools, collaboration features, and support for continuous improvement.

Services:

Rapid Response Retainers

Tabletop Exercises

Incident Response Plan Development Workshop

Dragos OT Watch & OT Watch Complete

The Dragos Platform enables organizations to develop baseline configurations for OT devices based on CIDR, zone, asset type, and more.

The Dragos Platform conducts passive vulnerability assessments on identified assets.

The Dragos Platform features a specialized NERC CIP dashboard designed to support customers.

Services: Network Vulnerability Assessments assess the current landscape’s risk and evaluate the effectiveness of existing technical security controls, proposing enhancements for the future.

Platform: The Dragos Platform can quickly identify unencrypted communication protocols in use if the responsible entity is utilizing encryption between control centers.

The Dragos Platform enables organizations to develop baseline configurations of their network traffic inside trusted zones.

The Baseline feature detects deviations in assets, including non-baselined communications and protocols.

The Dragos Platform employs passive monitoring techniques to detect and evaluate anomalous network activity.

The Dragos Platform conducts passive monitoring on identified assets.

The Dragos Platform detects and alerts on threat behaviors, which are known adversary tradecraft and TTPs relevant to the OT environment.

Services: Dragos can conduct a Sensor Placement Study to analyze and provide recommendations for proper Dragos sensor placement.

Take the next step to protect your ICS environment now with a free demo.
