Text:
Designation recognizes Dragos for OT cybersecurity expertise in providing solutions and services to protect manufacturers from cyber threats

HANOVER, Md., January 23, 2023 – Dragos Inc., the global leader in cybersecurity for operational technology (OT) environments, today announced that it has achieved the Amazon Web Services (AWS) Manufacturing and Industrial Competency as the first Partner with Competency designation in the Operational Technology (OT) Security category. This designation recognizes Dragos for its expertise in providing software and professional services solutions to help industrial manufacturers protect against destructive cyber threats to their OT environments.

As manufacturing organizations move to the cloud, they are looking for cloud experts with manufacturing experience to help them transform and use data in new ways, knowing they need to move faster than ever to be competitive. The AWS Manufacturing and Industrial Competency for OT Cybersecurity provides organizations with solutions across their digital transformation journey ensuring they have support from a validated AWS Partner to protect their infrastructure from cyber threats. These solutions follow AWS best practices for building secure, high-performing, resilient cloud infrastructure for industry applications.

“In achieving this recognition, Dragos has demonstrated AWS technical expertise and proven customer success in providing the OT-specific visibility, vulnerability management, threat detection, and incident response capabilities required for protecting against cyber threats to OT environments,” said Jon Lavender, Chief Technology Officer and Co-founder, Dragos, Inc. “The AWS Manufacturing and Industrial Competency demonstrates our leadership in the OT cybersecurity market and our commitment to working closely with AWS to continuously deliver the industrial cybersecurity solutions that enable digital transformation and drive manufacturing innovation.”

One example of a company using the Dragos Platform on AWS is Koch Industries. “With the Dragos Platform on AWS, we were able to quickly deploy a comprehensive, industrial-focused cybersecurity solution that gave us previously unachievable visibility into our ICS/OT assets, vulnerabilities, threats, and response actions,” said Gabe Green, Chief Information Security Officer, Koch Industries.

To learn more about Dragos’s ICS/OT cybersecurity solution powered by AWS, visit here. To learn more about the AWS Competency Program established to help customers identify AWS Partners with deep industry experience and expertise, visit here.

About Dragos, Inc.
Dragos has a global mission to safeguard civilization from those trying to disrupt the industrial infrastructure we depend on every day. The Dragos Platform offers the most effective industrial cybersecurity technology, giving customers visibility into their ICS/OT assets, vulnerabilities, threats, and response actions. The strength behind the Dragos Platform comes from our ability to codify Dragos’s industry-leading OT threat intelligence, and insights from the Dragos services team, into the software. Our community-focused approach gives you access to the largest array of industrial organizations participating in collective defense, with the broadest visibility available.

Our solutions protect organizations across a range of industries, including electric, oil & gas, manufacturing, building automation systems, chemical, government, water, food & beverage, mining, transportation, and pharmaceutical. Dragos is privately held and headquartered in the Washington, DC area with regional presence around the world, including Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, and the Middle East.

Contacts
Kesselring Communications for Dragos
Leslie Kesselring
503-358-1012
Leslie@kesscomm.com

AWS OT security, manufacturing cybersecurity, Dragos AWS, industrial competency
