Text:
HANOVER, MD – September 23, 2025 – Dragos, Inc., the global leader in cybersecurity for industrial control systems (ICS) and operational technology (OT), today announced Dragos Platform 3.0, delivering breakthrough capabilities that empower industrial defenders to act even faster and more confidently to protect against intensifying cyber threats. The Dragos Platform’s new Insights Hub consolidates risk-based vulnerability, asset, and threat alerts into a single prioritized view, while streamlined workflows, AI-enhanced vulnerability processes, and smaller footprint deployment options dramatically reduce time-to-value for industrial organizations. A number of additional capabilities are included in 3.0 to simplify management and lower cost of operation.

According to the 2025 OT Security Financial Risk Report by Dragos based on a study by Marsh McLennan’s Cyber Risk Intelligence Center, worst-case OT cyber incidents involving business interruption could put up to $172.4 billion at risk globally in a single year, with indirect costs making up the majority of losses. As adversaries compress attack timelines to weeks and even days, defenders need speed as well as trust in the intelligence and guidance they receive from their OT cybersecurity platform.

Dragos Platform 3.0 meets this challenge head-on with new capabilities that streamline workflows, prioritize what matters most, and deliver the industry’s most accurate vulnerability analysis—authored by Dragos’s OT threat intelligence experts and now using AI models to accelerate back-end operations.

“The cost of inaction is too high in OT. The latest updates to the Dragos Platform focus on giving industrial defenders the visibility, speed, and confidence they need to take action and reduce risk before incidents escalate,” said Robert M. Lee, CEO and co-founder of Dragos. “Alerts, detections, and recommendations are grounded in insights supported by Dragos OT threat intelligence, which is unmatched in the industry. We are helping organizations build operational resilience to ensure the industrial and critical infrastructure they defend is prepared for today’s threats as well as tomorrow’s.”

Accelerating Time-to-Value Through Intelligent Prioritization

The centerpiece of Dragos Platform 3.0 is the new Insights Hub, which provides operators with a single prioritized view of their security posture. By consolidating alerts into a risk-weighted summary, the Insights Hub enables quicker decisions and prioritized action. Operators gain clear recommendations authored by OT cyber experts to accelerate triage and action, so they know exactly where to start and what to do next.

AI-Enhanced Vulnerability Analysis, Expanded Vulnerability Coverage

Dragos Platform 3.0 introduces AI-enhanced vulnerability processes. Dragos best-in-class OT vulnerability intelligence is built on the most expansive OT vulnerability data and expert vulnerability intelligence analysts. Dragos is now leveraging AI technology to accelerate back-end vulnerability analysis processes to enable faster delivery of the most accurate OT contextualized vulnerability analysis in the industry.

The platform extends automated vulnerability identification to software and operating systems with Dragos’s proven “Now, Next, Never” risk prioritization methodology. This approach gives customers a clear view of exposures with practical, OT-safe guidance, reducing workloads through intelligent prioritization rather than overwhelming security teams with unactionable alerts.

Meeting Diverse Deployment and Operational Needs

Recognizing that industrial organizations have varied operational requirements, Dragos Platform 3.0 introduces new deployment options and cost models that make it possible to serve smaller sites with greater flexibility and accessibility. New device footprints, including a smaller STS-50 and combined Sensor/SiteStore, enable organizations to extend comprehensive OT visibility across their entire industrial footprint without compromising on security effectiveness. Expanded Active Collection supports a range of new use cases including air-gapped and intermittently connected sites, which extends visibility and vulnerability management to even the most isolated environments.

The Dragos Platform also features simplified management through centralized sensor configuration and administration, along with streamlined integration capabilities that enhance workflows with both OT systems and IT security operations.

For organizations seeking complete managed security, the Dragos Platform with OT Watch Complete provides expert-driven 24/7 security monitoring, ongoing platform tuning, proactive security hardening, threat hunting, and management of detections, triage, and investigation. The service helps customers strengthen defenses and realize value more quickly. Dragos is working with multiple partners to embed their service into their broader managed SOC / managed detection and response service, and also operates as a standalone offering.

“This represents our commitment to delivering not just advanced technology, but technology that truly serves our industrial community,” said Jodi Schatz, Chief Product Officer at Dragos. “Every innovation—from the redesigned user experience, to the AI-enhanced vulnerability processes, to the Insights Hub—is designed to reduce the burden on security teams while increasing their effectiveness.”

The release of Platform 3.0 comes as Dragos has been named a Leader in the first Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for CPS (Cyber-Physical Systems) Protection Platforms1, recognized for ability to execute and completeness of vision.

Availability

Dragos Platform 3.0 is available: https://www.dragos.com/cybersecurity-platform/.

Dragos will host a webinar on how defenders can strengthen visibility; manage vulnerabilities more effectively; and triage, investigate and resolve detections faster, featuring the Dragos Platform 3.0.

Register Now

1 Gartner, 2025 Magic Quadrant for CPS Protection Platforms, Katell Thielemann, Wam Voster, Ruggero Contu, 12 February 2025.

GARTNER is a registered trademark and service mark of Gartner and Magic Quadrant is a registered trademark of Gartner, Inc. and/or its affiliates in the U.S. and internationally and are used herein with permission. All rights reserved.

Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s research organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

About Dragos

Dragos provides the most effective OT cybersecurity technology for industrial and critical infrastructure to deliver on our global mission: to safeguard civilization. After nearly a decade of real-world experience handling landmark attacks on OT networks, Dragos understands the complexity and risks of industrial environments, which operate on massive scale with unique systems and exacting availability requirements and are not protected by IT cybersecurity.

The Dragos Platform provides visibility and monitoring of OT environments for asset identification, vulnerability management, and threat detection with continuous insights generated by the industry’s most experienced OT threat intelligence and services team. It discovers and monitors OT, IT, IoT, and IIoT assets within the OT environment and integrates with IT security infrastructure. Dragos protects customers across a range of industrial sectors including electric, oil & gas, manufacturing, water, transportation, mining, and government. Dragos is privately held and headquartered in the Washington, DC area with presence around the world and offices in North America, EMEA, and APAC.
