Text:
Why Dragos Community Defense?

We realize that small utilities and cooperatives don’t have the resources for OT cybersecurity that they require. That’s why we built the Community Defense Program (CDP). The CDP provides U.S. and Canada-based water, electric, and natural gas providers with less than $100M US in annual revenue free access to Dragos Platform software. These tools can help improve their security postures and reduce OT cyber risk.

Dragos OT Cybersecurity Platform

Asset visibility and inventory, threat detection, vulnerability management, and response playbooks for your OT environment.

Dragos OT-CERT Membership

Toolkits, guides, how-to videos, and members-only working sessions to help build your cybersecurity capabilities.

Neighborhood Keeper Membership

Be part of collective defense and community threat visibility across participating Dragos customers.

Threat Hunting

CDP participants telemetry will be automatically analyzed by OT expert threat hunters.

Key criteria to qualify for the Community Defense Program:

US and Canada-based water, electric, and/or natural gas utility.

Must not be owned by a parent company that exceeds $100 Million US in revenue.

To install and support the technology provided, you must purchase or have access to the following:

Hardware required to run the software. See Dragos Platform Datasheet.

Internet connectivity to enable communications to Neighborhood Keeper.

Skills to implement the technology in your industrial environment.

Once approved for the program, we provide the support needed to guide you through setting up and configuring your network environments to support our products and solutions.

Complete the application for the Community Defense Program. Once approved, you’ll also become a member of Dragos OT-CERT which will help you with free resources and a community of other small and medium organizations to help build your OT cybersecurity capabilities.

Register Interest

Datasheet

Protecting power and water systems is harder than ever as global threat actors and ransomware groups launch sophisticated attacks on critical infrastructure. The Dragos Community Defense Program (CDP) helps under-resourced utilities strengthen OT cybersecurity by providing free access to the Dragos Platform.

December 6, 2023 05:00 PM

4 min read

Webinar

February 14, 2022 05:55 PM

1 min read

January 27, 2022 06:02 PM

Listen to Control Loop, a cybersecurity podcast and newsletter covering operational technology (OT) and industrial control systems (ICS) security.
