Text:
Hanover, Md. – August 19, 2025 — Dragos Inc., the global leader in cybersecurity for operational technology (OT) environments, today announced the appointment of Eric Cross as Chief Revenue Officer (CRO). Cross will lead all global go-to-market functions, including sales, customer success, partner and channel ecosystems, and marketing, as the company continues to deliver on its mission to safeguard industrial and critical infrastructure.

Cross joins Dragos with more than 20 years of experience leading high-performing revenue teams and scaling revenue operations at some of the world’s most innovative and fast-growing technology and cybersecurity companies. His experience spans global leadership roles across Reltio, Appian, Apigee, Google Cloud, Blue Coat Systems, Citrix, PeopleSoft, and Salesforce. At Apigee, Cross led growth through the company’s IPO and subsequent acquisition by Google.

“Eric is a proven go-to-market leader who knows how to scale organizations, serve customers, and build lasting enterprise relationships,” said Robert M. Lee, CEO and co-founder of Dragos. “As OT cybersecurity becomes a board-level priority across sectors, Eric’s leadership will help us meet our customers where they are in their OT cybersecurity journey while accelerating our global reach and impact.”

Cross’s appointment comes at a time of strong momentum for Dragos. The company was named a Leader in the 2024 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for Cyber-Physical Systems (CPS) Protection Platforms, recognized for both its completeness of vision and ability to execute. Dragos continues to expand its presence across energy, manufacturing, transportation, and other critical infrastructure sectors, with a growing partner ecosystem and a customer base that includes many of the world’s largest industrial organizations.

“Dragos stands out not just for its market leadership, but for its mission-driven approach to protecting critical infrastructure – the human, societal, and community impact resonates deeply with me,” said Cross. “This is a pivotal time for industrial cybersecurity and Dragos is a company with a clear vision, world-class customers, and the opportunity to make an impact that truly matters. I’m thrilled to help lead the next phase of growth.”

Earlier this month, Dragos released the 2025 OT Security Financial Risk Report, based on a study conducted by Marsh McLennan’s Cyber Risk Intelligence Center, estimating that global OT cyber losses could reach up to $329.5 billion in a year with a severe but plausible scenario. The report underscores the escalating financial and operational risks facing industrial organizations and the urgent need for OT cybersecurity that can help them reduce risk and protect industrial infrastructure.

Cross brings extensive experience across diverse revenue models including direct, indirect, managed service, and OEM channels, with expertise in SaaS, security, API management, and data analytics sectors. His leadership philosophy emphasizes ethical practices, talent development, and cross-functional collaboration—values that align closely with Dragos’s culture and mission. He holds a bachelor’s degree in risk management from the University of Georgia. Cross is known for his transformational leadership style and passion for developing high-impact, cross-functional teams. His appointment reinforces Dragos’s commitment to delivering value for customers through strategic innovation and operational excellence.

About Dragos, Inc.

Dragos provides the most effective OT cybersecurity technology for industrial and critical infrastructure to deliver on our global mission: to safeguard civilization. After nearly a decade of real-world experience handling landmark attacks on OT networks, Dragos understands the complexity and risks of industrial environments, which operate on massive scale with unique systems and exacting availability requirements and are not protected by IT cybersecurity.

The Dragos Platform provides visibility and monitoring of OT environments for asset identification, vulnerability management, and threat detection with continuous insights generated by the industry’s most experienced OT threat intelligence and services team. It discovers and monitors OT, IT, IoT, and IIoT assets within the OT environment and integrates with IT security infrastructure. Dragos protects customers across a range of industrial sectors including electric, oil & gas, manufacturing, water, transportation, mining, and government. Dragos is privately held and headquartered in the Washington, DC area with presence around the world and offices in North America, EMEA, and APAC.
For more information, visit: www.dragos.com
