Text:
What Is OT Cyber Threat Intelligence?

Industrial defenders face a growing problem: accelerating OT threats, complex devices like PLCs and HMIs, and constant alert noise with no operational context. Most security teams lack the OT expertise to determine which issues matter, what to prioritize, and how to respond.

Dragos OT cyber threat intelligence closes that gap. It delivers adversary, malware, and vulnerability research tailored to OT that is translated into indicators, TTPs, and prioritized guidance to tell defenders what to look for, what to fix first, and how to respond without risking operations.

Threat intelligence only matters if it changes outcomes. Dragos integrates detections, hunts, and playbooks into the Dragos Platform, enabling analysts to detect, triage, and investigate threats faster – reducing the “now what?” problem associated with dashboards and generic alerts.

WorldView delivers critical intelligence for industrial environments through adversary research, ICS malware analysis, vulnerability insights & timely reports explaining operational impact. It is integrated into the Dragos Platform and made available to security analysts.

Dragos monitors 23+ named threat groups, ransomware operators, state actors & hacktivists. Our research translates into detection content, hunts & playbooks for the Dragos Platform, enabling defenders to detect and respond to threats in their environments.

New vulnerabilities emerge each year, and without OT context leave teams guessing which matter most. Dragos assessed 2,024 vulnerabilities in 2024, highlighting risks, mapping adversary use & recommending OT-aware mitigations - all integrated into the Dragos Platform.

Threat Intelligence Purpose-Built for OT

Dragos was founded to defend industrial systems, and everything we provide – intelligence, platform, and services – is designed specifically for OT. That singular focus ensures that defenders receive insights that align with real operational processes, assets, and risks.

Exclusive OT Threat Visibility

With industry’s largest proprietary dataset enriched by Neighborhood Keeper, frontline response & global partnerships, Dragos provides unmatched OT threat visibility, turning insights into operational guidance for confident defense.

Intelligence That Drives Action

Dragos delivers Knowledge Packs integrated into the Platform with the latest vulnerabilities, detections & playbooks. This intelligence powers OT Watch hunts, guides investigations & supports services and training, ensuring current, contextual intelligence.

Dragos’s 8th Annual Year in Review shows just how far these attacks go. When industrial organizations are targeted, it’s not just data – it’s downtime and safety risks.

What’s been helpful with Dragos is not just the technology, but the expertise that they bring to the table. Koch can now identify ICS/OT threats, rapidly pinpoint malicious behavior on their ICS/OT networks, provide an in-depth context of alerts, and reduce false positive alerts for complete threat detection.

Gabe Green, CISO for Koch Industries

We were initially focused on anomaly detection software and originally thought that we would benefit from the ability to see and react to alerts. But we quickly realized that the majority of those solutions just weren’t as mature as we needed. This awareness led us to consider OT visibility platforms in general, and the conversation pretty much started and stopped with Dragos.

CISO, Electric & Water Utility

With the visibility provided by the Dragos Platform, automated monitoring capabilities alert the security team to potentially malicious behavior between assets and communications, so they can rapidly investigate and respond before attackers can progress.

CISO, Oil & Gas

Whitepaper

This whitepaper defines ICS malware through three critical properties: ICS capability, malicious intent, and adverse OT impact. Through case studies like TRISIS, FrostyGoop, and IOControl, Dragos shows how to distinguish true ICS malware from other threats.

April 7, 2026 12:50 PM

8 min read

April 2, 2026 10:00 AM

6 min read

March 24, 2026 10:00 AM

7 min read

blog

March 23, 2026 09:00 AM

4 min read

Take the next step to protect your industrial control systems with a free demo.
