Text:
We envision a future where the cyber and physical worlds safely connect.

Our Mission

To secure the cyber-physical systems that underpin our lives.

What We Do

We empower industrial, healthcare, public sector, and commercial organizations to secure all cyber-physical systems in their environments: the Extended Internet of Things (XioT).

Claroty
Industrial

Control, monitor, and protect your industrial control systems and XIoT assets with unmatched protocol coverage and purpose-built cybersecurity technology.

Healthcare

Ensure safe and reliable patient care while leveraging the benefits of medical device interconnectivity with comprehensive monitoring and risk management.

Commercial

Safely connect BMS and other “smart” cyber-physical systems serving real estate properties, retail locations, data centers, and other commercial facilities.

Public Sector

Control, monitor and protect the nation’s defense systems, space, utilities, port, transit, building management, and other public sector systems.

Awards and Accolades

Our Core Values

Customer Obsession

We take an outside-in approach in everything we do, orienting our ideas, actions, and behaviors around our customer business problems and the outcomes they strive to achieve.

Integrity

We hold ourselves and each other to the highest standards of professionalism, ethics, and integrity. We lead with trust and assume the best and positive intentions of each other in every situation.

Strive for Excellence

We’re all in each and every day. We dedicate ourselves to each other, our customers, and our partners. We are bold, take risks, celebrate our wins, and treat failures as opportunities for growth.

People First

While we have a serious and tough mission, we put each other ahead of work, knowing that if we care for each other, the results will follow. We’re all on the same team, on the same journey.

Meet Our Investors

Come Work With Us

We are looking to hire individuals who embody our core values: People First, Customer Obsession, Strive for Excellence, and Integrity. Claroty is an equal opportunity employer and is committed to fostering a diverse and inclusive work environment for all.
