Text:
Dragos OT Cyber Services: Assess, Plan & Respond

Dragos provides a full range of cybersecurity assessment, incident response, and OT monitoring services. Our expert consultants and operators can assess your defenses, proactively plan and test incident response plans, respond to critical incidents, or monitor your OT environment.

Pre-cleared contracts reduce costs and speed response with burndown options to test your plans. The Rapid Response Retainer includes access to expert incident responders for crisis management, onboarding workshops to evaluate IR plans, and tabletop exercises to identify improvements.

Understanding critical OT systems and cyber incident consequences is essential for prioritizing protection. Assessments include OT Cybersecurity Assessment with network design evaluation and recommendations, Network Vulnerability Assessment, Penetration Testing, and Purple Team Services monitoring your response.

Dragos OT Watch Services deliver proactive threat hunting and expert monitoring to defend OT environments. Our two services: OT Watch & OT Watch Complete, include 24/7 monitoring, high-confidence escalations validated by experts, response playbooks, vulnerability analysis, and direct access to OT specialists for consultations.

Gain better understanding of your team’s OT incident response capabilities against realistic cyber attacks. Threat Baseline workshops use real-world intelligence to evaluate security risks, while Tabletop Exercises test IR plans, reduce event impact, and improve cross-functional communication.

Industry-Leading OT Expertise

Our specialized team understands the unique challenges of operational technology environments, providing expert guidance tailored to industrial control systems across multiple industrial sectors.

Platform-Powered Analysis

Dragos OT Cyber Services leverage our purpose-built OT security platform for deeper insights, automated asset discovery, and comprehensive network analysis that traditional IT security tools cannot provide.

Proven Response Capabilities

24/7 access to industry-leading OT incident responders with real-world experience managing critical infrastructure cyber incidents, ensuring rapid containment and recovery.

What’s been helpful with Dragos is not just the technology, but the expertise that they bring to the table. Koch can now identify ICS/OT threats, rapidly pinpoint malicious behavior on their ICS/OT networks, provide an in-depth context of alerts, and reduce false positive alerts for complete threat detection.

Gabe Green, CISO for Koch Industries

We were initially focused on anomaly detection software and originally thought that we would benefit from the ability to see and react to alerts. But we quickly realized that the majority of those solutions just weren’t as mature as we needed. This awareness led us to consider OT visibility platforms in general, and the conversation pretty much started and stopped with Dragos.

CISO, Electric & Water Utility

With the visibility provided by the Dragos Platform, automated monitoring capabilities alert the security team to potentially malicious behavior between assets and communications, so they can rapidly investigate and respond before attackers can progress.

CISO, Oil & Gas

Datasheet

Dragos’s extensive portfolio of OT-focused assessments and incident response services strengthen your organization’s OT security, ensuring operational resilience and regulatory compliance.

October 17, 2024 05:26 PM

3 min read

June 16, 2022 02:48 PM

5 min read

August 10, 2021 12:21 PM

8 min read

July 8, 2021 05:55 PM

7 min read

Whether you’re getting started or strengthening your current program, Dragos supports you every step of the way. Take the first step to protect your OT environment.
