Text:
HANOVER, Md., March 9, 2026 – Dragos, Inc., the global leader in cybersecurity for operational technology (OT) environments, today announced it has been named a Leader in the 2026 Gartner® Magic Quadrant™ for CPS (Cyber-Physical Systems) Protection Platforms1 for the second year in a row.2 Dragos was recognized based on its Ability to Execute and Completeness of Vision. A copy of the report is available here.

Threat activity is accelerating across industrial environments, putting operations at greater risk. The Dragos 2026 OT/ICS Cybersecurity Report found adversaries penetrating deeper into industrial processes and compressing the time between initial access and operational impact, and ransomware is increasing across critical sectors.

The Dragos Platform delivers comprehensive protection for OT environments, including asset visibility, OT network monitoring, segmentation validation, risk-based vulnerability management, threat detection, and response capabilities. The platform is powered by the Dragos Intelligence Fabric, which integrates over a decade of OT-specific threat intelligence and frontline operational expertise directly into the platform. This enables industrial defenders to identify risks faster, prioritize action, and defend mission-critical operations with confidence.

“Effective OT cybersecurity starts with knowing what you have, understanding your risk, and having the intelligence to act with confidence,” said Jodi Schatz, Chief Product Officer, Dragos. “The Dragos Platform is purpose-built to deliver on all three, giving security and operations teams of all experience levels unified visibility across OT environments, a prioritized view of vulnerabilities and threats that cuts through the noise, and the compliance evidence industrial operators need to meet regulatory requirements. Key advancements like the Insights Hub and Dragos AI capabilities are aimed at accelerating time to value for our customers.”

Gartner designates Leaders as vendors that demonstrate balanced and consistent progress in relation to all Ability to Execute and Completeness of Vision criteria, offer global and multivertical industry reach, depth, breadth and flexibility in CPS security capabilities, key knowledge of CPS environments, many partnerships and integrations, and proven management capabilities for enterprise customers. Leaders have a strong momentum in the market in terms of innovation, growth, sales and mind share.

As OT environments underpin critical infrastructure and global industrial operations, Dragos believes purpose-built CPS protection has become a strategic imperative and one that demands technology built specifically for operational environments, not adapted from IT security.

“Industrial organizations are facing an increasingly sophisticated adversary landscape where cyber incidents can directly impact physical operations,” said Robert M. Lee, CEO and Co-founder, Dragos. “Whether securing pipelines, power generation, manufacturing, or the operational systems supporting data centers, IT security tools were never designed for these environments. Dragos’s OT cybersecurity technology and depth in OT threat intelligence gives industrial operators a genuine advantage against an adversary landscape that grows more sophisticated every year.”

Dragos had an overall rating of 4.5 out of 5 based on reviews on Gartner Peer Insights™ in the CPS Protection Platform category. Customers consistently highlight the company’s deep expertise in industrial control systems and the platform’s ability to deliver actionable intelligence and visibility across complex OT environments. Examples of customer feedback include:

“Dragos understands the ICS environment. Most vendors in this space are IT with an OT sticker on them.” – Engineer (Industry: Manufacturing)

“Really enjoy the platform, especially the UI updates in v3. Visibility to infrastructure is great and the intelligence provided from Dragos is second to none.” – IT Security & Risk Management Associate (Industry: Energy and Utilities)

“Dragos has consistently delivered high value with tangible results. They have proven to have a robust and reliable platform and are key enablers to our OT security program for asset identification and inventory management while allowing us to maintain regulatory compliance. Their proactive engagement and highly responsive/knowledgeable support team has allowed us to view them as a strategic partner.” – CISO (Industry: Energy and Utilities)

“World class, an essential component of any mature cybersecurity program.” – Associate (Industry: Energy and Utilities)

As cyber threats against industrial environments intensify and regulatory expectations rise, Dragos continues its commitment to innovation, operational resilience, and ecosystem collaboration. Last year’s release of Dragos Platform 3.0 consolidates risk-based vulnerability, asset, and threat alerts into a single prioritized view that helps security teams focus on the most critical risks across their industrial environments. The Dragos Platform accelerates the industry’s most accurate OT vulnerability analysis and includes AI-powered capabilities that help analysts investigate threats faster, make more confident decisions, and connect their enterprise AI tools directly to platform data for streamlined workflows.

In addition, Dragos recently expanded its strategic collaboration with Microsoft, integrating Dragos’s capabilities with Microsoft’s cloud and security platforms to help organizations more tightly align IT and OT security operations while adopting robust protections designed specifically for operational environments. The collaboration includes Azure deployment options, security data integrations, and marketplace availability, giving customers streamlined procurement and enhanced cross-domain visibility.

Dragos was also named in the Deloitte Technology Fast 500 for the fifth consecutive year and was recently ranked #1 in Innovation and an overall Leader in Frost & Sullivan’s FrostRadarTM: OT Cybersecurity Solutions, 2025.

To read the full report, visit here.

1Gartner defines cyber-physical systems (CPS) as engineered systems that orchestrate sensing, computation, control, networking, and analytics to interact with the physical world (including humans). They define CPS protection platforms as products that discover, categorize, map and protect CPS in production or mission-critical environments outside of enterprise IT.

2Gartner, 2026 Magic Quadrant for CPS Protection Platforms, Katell Thielemann, Ruggero Contu, Wam Voster, Sumit Rajput, 3 March 2026.

Gartner and Magic Quadrant are trademarks of Gartner, Inc., and/or its affiliates.

Gartner does not endorse any vendor, product or service depicted in its research publications, and does not advise technology users to select only those vendors with the highest ratings or other designation. Gartner research publications consist of the opinions of Gartner’s business and technology insights organization and should not be construed as statements of fact. Gartner disclaims all warranties, expressed or implied, with respect to this research, including any warranties of merchantability or fitness for a particular purpose.

About Dragos, Inc.

Dragos provides the most effective OT cybersecurity technology for industrial and critical infrastructure to deliver on our global mission: to safeguard civilization. After nearly a decade of real-world experience handling landmark attacks on OT networks, Dragos understands the complexity and risks of industrial environments, which operate on massive scale with unique systems and exacting availability requirements and are not protected by IT cybersecurity.

The Dragos Platform provides visibility and monitoring of OT environments for asset identification, vulnerability management, and threat detection with continuous insights generated by the industry’s most experienced OT threat intelligence and services team. It discovers and monitors OT, IT, IoT, and IIoT assets within the OT environment and integrates with IT security infrastructure. Dragos protects customers across a range of industrial sectors including electric, oil & gas, manufacturing, water, transportation, mining, and government. Dragos is privately held and headquartered in the Washington, DC area with presence around the world and offices in North America, EMEA, and APAC.
