Text:
Dragos Global Partner Program onboards hundreds of VARs in its first year due to strong demand for OT cybersecurity, comprehensive offering spanning technology, intelligence, and training

HANOVER, Md., March 25, 2024 – Dragos Inc., the global leader in cybersecurity for operational technology (OT) environments, today announced the company has been recognized by CRN®, a brand of The Channel Company, with a prestigious 5-Star Award in its 2024 Partner Program Guide. The 5-Star rating is awarded to the companies that have built their partner programs to go above and beyond in their commitment to nurturing strong, profitable, and successful channel partnerships. This recognition by CRN caps a year of strong momentum for the Dragos Global Partner Program. This includes Dragos’s inclusion on the CRN Security 100 as one of the 20 coolest network security companies of 2024 and the naming of Dragos’s Vice President of Channel Jon Pringle as a 2024 CRN Channel Chief.

According to CRN, this annual guide provides essential information to solution providers exploring technology vendor partner programs that offer high value and align with their business needs and goals. For the 2024 Partner Program Guide, CRN evaluated vendors based on program requirements and offerings such as partner training and education, pre- and post-sales support, marketing programs and resources, technical support, and communication.

“Recognition on this list reflects the value of the spotlighted vendor partner programs and their commitment to evolving with solution providers and supporting IT channel success,” said Jennifer Follett, VP, U.S. Content and Executive Editor, CRN, at The Channel Company. “This recognition empowers solution providers to discover vendors that keep pace with the evolving requirements of their business and their clients. With CRN’s 2024 Partner Program Guide, solution providers can access deep insights into the unique strengths of each partner program and vendors who demonstrate dedication to their partner community.”

Launched in June 2023, the Dragos Global Partner Program is the only OT channel program to comprise OT cybersecurity technology, threat intelligence, services, and training. The program offers training that prepares partners as experts who can offer their customers assessment services based on Dragos’s proven assessment methodology, resell the Dragos Platform including asset discovery, threat detection, and vulnerability management, and manage deployment for customers.

With the Dragos Global Partner Program, cybersecurity resellers receive the following benefits, depending on level of participation:

The Dragos Platform, Dragos Professional Services, threat intelligence via Dragos Worldview, advanced OT threat hunting-as-a-service via Dragos OT Watch, and collective defense through Neighborhood Keeper

Access to the Dragos Partner Portal, training, partner communications, and field sales and marketing support

Market Development Funds (MDF), as well as proposal-based MDFs for demand and lead generation

Cumulative volume discounts

Deal registration with increased margin for identifying opportunities

“The 5-star rating in the 2024 CRN Partner Program Guide underscores our commitment to developing resellers into OT cybersecurity experts with the most effective OT cybersecurity offerings in their portfolios,” said Jon Pringle, Vice President of US Channel Sales, Dragos. “We ensure that our partners are able to deliver the product, threat intelligence, services, and security expertise required to combat sophisticated cyber adversaries targeting industrial infrastructure around the globe. We do everything we can to support and train our partners on the unique requirements of the OT security market so they can successfully deliver the Dragos Platform and supporting services to their customers.”

The Dragos Platform provides comprehensive asset visibility, vulnerability management, and the industry’s most effective threat detection in ICS and OT environments. By analyzing a broad range of data sources, including protocols, network traffic, and logs, it rapidly pinpoints threats with reduced false positives. The Platform offers in-depth contextual alerts, enriched risk scores, and prioritized guidance to enable teams to effectively manage the full lifecycle of vulnerabilities and respond decisively to security incidents. This approach ensures a high level of preparedness and protection against operational threats, safeguarding critical processes and infrastructure.

For more information about the Dragos Global Partner Program or to become a Dragos partner, visit here.

The 2024 CRN Partner Program Guide can be found online at www.CRN.com/PPG and will be featured in the April 2024 issue of CRN Magazine.

About Dragos, Inc.
Dragos has a global mission to safeguard civilization from those trying to disrupt the industrial infrastructure we depend on every day. The Dragos Platform offers the most effective industrial cybersecurity technology, giving customers visibility into their ICS/OT assets, vulnerabilities, threats, and response actions. The strength behind the Dragos Platform comes from our ability to codify Dragos’s industry-leading OT threat intelligence, and insights from the Dragos services team, into the software. Our community-focused approach gives you access to the largest array of industrial organizations participating in collective defense, with the broadest visibility available.

Our solutions protect organizations across a range of industries, including electric, oil & gas, manufacturing, building automation systems, chemical, government, water, food & beverage, mining, transportation, and pharmaceutical. Dragos is privately held and headquartered in the Washington, DC area with regional presence around the world, including Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, and the Middle East.

Contacts
Kesselring Communications for Dragos
Leslie Kesselring
503-358-1012
Leslie@kesscomm.com

About The Channel Company

The Channel Company enables breakthrough IT channel performance with our dominant media, engaging events, expert consulting and education, and innovative marketing services and platforms. As the channel catalyst, we connect and empower technology suppliers, solution providers and end users. Backed by nearly 40 years of unequalled channel experience, we draw from our deep knowledge to envision innovative new solutions for ever-evolving challenges in the technology marketplace. www.thechannelcompany.com

Follow The Channel Company: Twitter, LinkedIn and Facebook.

The Channel Company Contact:
Kristin DaSilva
The Channel Company
kdasilva@thechannelcompany.com

ot cybersecurity support, Dragos partner support, CRN Partner program
