Text:
C-suite executives bring vast experience driving financial and operational performance for long-term success

HANOVER, Md., January 31, 2024 – Dragos Inc., the global leader in cybersecurity for operational technology (OT) environments, today announced that William J. (“Bill”) Fehrman, President and CEO of Centuri Group, Inc., and Ekta Singh-Bushell, who has served in management and board roles at Federal Reserve Bank of New York, EY, and high-growth startups, have joined the Dragos Board of Directors. Fehrman and Singh-Bushell bring decades of industry experience in leadership and advisory positions at world-leading companies and will add further depth and breadth of knowledge to Dragos’s executive board.

“Bill and Ekta join our board at a pivotal time as we continue our rapid growth to provide OT cybersecurity to industrial and critical infrastructure globally through the Dragos Platform,” said Robert M. Lee, CEO and Co-Founder of Dragos, Inc. “Their records in driving financial growth, customer success, and operational efficiencies match perfectly with our growth trajectory. Importantly, their commitment to protecting the infrastructure that people rely on every day for safety and quality of life aligns squarely with our mission to safeguard civilization.”

Fehrman currently serves as President and CEO of Centuri Group, Inc. and previously held the roles of President, CEO, and Director at Berkshire Hathaway Energy (BHE), a subsidiary of Berkshire Hathaway. At BHE, he drove significant financial growth, and led the implementation of vast cybersecurity programs to protect BHE’s critical infrastructure, including the deployment of Dragos technology. Fehrman also was Co-Chair for the Electricity Subsector Coordinating Council (ESCC), the principal liaison between the federal government and the electric power sector to prepare for, and respond to, national-level disasters or threats to critical infrastructure.

“Cyber threats targeting industrial infrastructure and their supply chains are intensifying while under-resourced security teams struggle to keep pace,” said Fehrman. “Dragos is a mission-focused company and clear market leader in the industrial cybersecurity space and I’m thrilled to be joining its board of directors. I’m honored to leverage my decades of operational and financial expertise to help bring Dragos’s industry-leading solution to many more organizations across the globe.”

Singh-Bushell has leveraged her diverse technology, finance, and operations experience to help companies drive profitability, growth and enterprise transformation. She was Chief Operating Officer, Executive Office, for the Federal Reserve Bank of New York, and earlier in her career served as Global Information Security Officer at Ernst & Young (EY). She has guided a number of startups through board positions including roles with audit, risk, compliance, and security.

“Dragos is a global mission- and purpose-driven company with the deepest technological expertise to protect OT environments—the most important part of an industrial organizations’ infrastructure,” said Singh-Bushell. “With the appointment to Dragos’s board of directors, I look forward to contributing insights to help Dragos scale even faster, and build and maintain the financial and operational rigor needed at the growth stage it is entering.”

The board appointments follow a series of recent company successes that include the announcement of a $74 million Series D extension bringing the total Series D round to $274 million and funds raised to date to approximately $440 million. Dragos entered into a recent agreement with Macnica to provide the Dragos Platform, OT-specific threat intelligence, OT cybersecurity architecture reviews, and compromise assessments in Japan, and signed a three-year Memorandum of Understanding (MOU) with the Cyber Security Agency of Singapore (CSA) to strengthen Singapore’s OT cybersecurity capabilities.

In the past year Dragos was named to the Deloitte Technology Fast 500™ of the fastest growing companies in North America for the third consecutive year and received two prestigious SC Awards for Best Industrial Security Solution and Most Promising Unicorn.

About Dragos, Inc.
Dragos has a global mission to safeguard civilization from those trying to disrupt the industrial infrastructure we depend on every day. The Dragos Platform offers the most effective industrial cybersecurity technology, giving customers visibility into their ICS/OT assets, vulnerabilities, threats, and response actions. The strength behind the Dragos Platform comes from our ability to codify Dragos’s industry-leading OT threat intelligence, and insights from the Dragos services team, into the software. Our community-focused approach gives you access to the largest array of industrial organizations participating in collective defense, with the broadest visibility available.

Our solutions protect organizations across a range of industries, including electric, oil & gas, manufacturing, building automation systems, chemical, government, water, food & beverage, mining, transportation, and pharmaceutical. Dragos is privately held and headquartered in the Washington, DC area with regional presence around the world, including Canada, Australia, New Zealand, Europe, and the Middle East.

Contacts
Kesselring Communications for Dragos
Leslie Kesselring
503-358-1012
Leslie@kesscomm.com

Dragos board, OT cybersecurity leadership,
