Text:
We protect the world’s critical infrastructure from cyber threats.

View Platform

Nozomi Networks is the leader in OT & IoT security for critical infrastructure. Our platform uniquely combines network and endpoint visibility, threat detection, and AI-powered analysis for fast, effective incident response. Customers around the world rely on us to minimize risk and complexity while maximizing operational resilience.

From day one, our solutions have been deeply rooted in addressing the complex requirements of industrial and critical infrastructure environments. As OT converges with the vastly different worlds of IT and IoT, that experience has given us a unique understanding of the tools and processes associated with the largest networks in the world. We’ve earned a global reputation for unmatched service, superior cyber and physical system visibility, advanced OT and IoT threat detection, and scalability across distributed environments.
We provide real-time asset visibility, threat detection and actionable intelligence that keeps you in control of your critical infrastructure.

115M+

OT, IoT and IT Devices Monitored

12K+

Installations Worldwide

100%

Customer Retention

Securing the World’s Largest Organizations

The world’s leading enterprises rely on Nozomi Networks to help them anticipate, diagnose and respond to security risks and operational process issues.

Nozomi Networks is backed by the industry’s largest partner ecosystem. This includes global alliances with and strategic investments from the world’s leading IT security companies, industrial automation vendors and leading cloud providers.

Thousands of security and engineering professionals are Nozomi Networks-certified to deliver best-in-class cybersecurity solutions that address your specific needs.

Schneider Electric

Mandiant

ABB

ABS Group

Accenture

Atos

British Telecom

Emerson

LS Electric

Siemens

Ernst & Young

GE

Hitachi

Honeywell

IBM Security

Johnson Controls

Telefonica

We Are Setting the Security Standards for OT & IoT

Since our inception, Nozomi Networks has played a leading role in organizations and industry groups dedicated to improving the security of critical infrastructure and industrial operations, including:

Continuous Innovation in OT & IoT Security

An Outstanding Team of Security Researchers

Our Nozomi Networks Labs team is made up of highly respected threat hunters and security analysts who are dedicated to reducing cyber risk for industrial and critical infrastructure organizations. They responsibly disclose vulnerabilities and freely share their research findings and security tools with the global ICS security community.

Discover how easy it is to identify and respond to cyber threats by automating your OT and IoT asset discovery, inventory, and management.
