Cloud Security Purpose-Built for the Cloud

We’re on a mission to provide the world’s most comprehensive cloud security platform while adhering to what we believe in: frictionless security and contextual insights, so you can prioritize your most critical risks and operate in the cloud with confidence.

Our mission is to empower people and organizations to thrive securely in the cloud.

Cloud security pioneers

At Orca, we’re not just innovators in the cloud security space—we’re creators of it. Our founders understood that modern computing technologies and the cloud required a re-architecture of security, so they set out to change the game.

Their vision turned into the industry’s first agentless cloud security solution, providing customers with comprehensive and lightweight coverage never seen before. With a patent for this revolutionary SideScanning™ technology, Orca pioneered the path for modern cloud security and continues on the path of innovation.

With our Unified Data model offering contextual security insights, as well as our platform approach to securing your cloud infrastructure, Orca revolutionizes security and leads the conversation at every turn.

Why are we called Orca Security?

Orcas are intelligent beings known for their sonar capabilities. With sonar, these sophisticated creatures scan wide areas with little impact on their surrounding environment. Similarly, our agentless SideScanning technology scans deep and wide in vast cloud environments to provide insights in a frictionless manner. Orcas also exist all over the world, and our solution spans globally. From the Americas to Asia Pacific to Europe, we support our customers in their cloud security journeys around the globe.

We’re United in Our Values

Customers First

Making our customer satisfaction and their needs the top priority in all aspects of our business.

Innovative

Placing a strong emphasis on creativity, forward-thinking, and the pursuit of new ideas and solutions.

Relentless

Unwavering determination and persistence in pursuing our goals and objectives.

Act as One Team

All Orcans, regardless of their roles or departments, work collaboratively and cohesively towards our common goal.

Communicate Openly & Respectively

Promoting a culture of transparent and considerate communication within Orca.

Eyebrow option

Join the Orca Team

Join the world’s most innovative cybersecurity company and make a difference in protecting our digital world.

Our Investors

As a cybersecurity unicorn, Orca is backed by an impressive team of strategic investors, having raised nearly $630 million in combined funds at a $1.8 billion valuation.

Meet the Orca Security Leadership Team

Gil Geron

CEO & Co-Founder

Gil Geron is CEO & Co-founder of Orca Security. Gil has more than 20 years of experience leading and delivering cybersecurity products. Previous to his role as CEO, Gil was chief product officer from the inception of Orca. He’s passionate about customer satisfaction and has worked closely with customers to ensure they are able to thrive securely in the cloud. Gil is committed to providing seamless cybersecurity solutions without compromising on efficiency. Prior to co-founding Orca Security, Gil directed a large team of cyber professionals at Check Point Software Technologies.

Avi Shua

Chief Innovation Officer & Co-Founder

Avi is chief innovation officer & co-founder of Orca Security. Avi is an internationally recognized leader in cybersecurity innovation. With more than 25 years of experience, Avi and co-founder Gil Geron are responsible for Orca Security’s patented SideScanning technology and Unified Data Model, disrupting cloud security bringing the world’s most comprehensive platform to market in 2019. Avi was the CEO & Co-Founder of Orca Security 2019-2023, prior to transitioning to lead innovation at Orca. Prior to Orca, Avi was the chief technologist at Check Point Software Technologies and held key positions within Unit 8200, the Israeli equivalent of the NSA. Avi is dedicated to building and scaling cybersecurity solutions that meet the evolving needs of modern customers.

Raf Chiodo

CRO

Raf leads worldwide sales at Orca Security. He brings over 25 years of sales and leadership experience in the technology industry, including SaaS, cybersecurity, cloud, infrastructure, and services. He joins Orca Security from Lacework, where he was responsible for the Americas go-to-market team, including strategic, enterprise, and mid-market segments, and helped scale its team and revenue significantly. Prior to Lacework, he was vice president of North America Storage, Platforms and Solutions at Dell Technologies and also spent over 16 years at EMC in a variety of sales and leadership positions.

Gera Dorfman

CPO

Gera Dorfman is chief product officer at Orca Security. He leads development of next-generation capabilities across Orca’s AI-powered Cloud Native Application Protection Platform. Prior to Orca, Dorfman was vice president of Network Security Products at Check Point Software Technologies, where he led the research and development of next-generation cybersecurity solutions. During his twenty years at Check Point, he was responsible for building and evolving Check Point’s core network-security platforms and held senior engineering positions supporting some of the world’s largest enterprise environments. His experience includes platform modernization, enterprise-scale innovation, and, more recently, leveraging AI to strengthen security. Gera is driven by a passion for innovation and a constant pursuit of new technology. He holds an MBA and a BA in Computer Science, and outside of work, he is an avid music enthusiast and cyclist.

Oded Edri

CFO

Oded Edri is Chief Financial Officer of Orca Security. Oded brings more than 15 years of experience across diverse aspects of executive leadership, financial management, human resources management, and operations. Prior to joining Orca Security, he was Chief Accounting Officer at Payoneer (NASDAQ: PAYO), a global financial technology company, where he was instrumental in leading the company through its initial public offering. Prior to Payoneer, Oded was CFO at MakerBot, where he led the company to profitability. Oded’s career also spans senior financial and operations leadership experience at Stratasys (NASDAQ: SSYS) and PwC.

Rachel Nislick

CMO

Rachel Nislick is Chief Marketing Officer at Orca Security, leading the company’s global marketing organization and strategy to accelerate awareness, demand, and category leadership in cybersecurity. With more than 25 years of experience shaping enterprise security marketing, Rachel has a proven track record of building high-performing teams and driving growth across product, brand, demand, and go-to-market. Prior to Orca, she served as Vice President of Revenue Marketing at Darktrace, where she led global demand generation, pipeline acceleration, and strategic go-to-market initiatives. Before that, Rachel held senior growth marketing roles at Mimecast and Veracode, helping expand market presence and strengthen competitive positioning.Earlier in her career, she spent 14 years at PTC, developing deep expertise across the full marketing function in a global enterprise environment. Rachel is known for her collaborative leadership style, her ability to inspire and scale teams, and her commitment to turning marketing into a strategic growth engine.

Gal Tanchelson

SVP, Human Resources

Gal joined Orca as the SVP HR. Gal is an experienced global HR leader, with over 13 years of experience, assuming various senior HR roles in global tech companies, in security (Check Point) and fintech (Payoneer) industries. Along her career, Gal partnered with business leaders to support the achievement of the companies’ strategic business goals. Gal has been focusing on supporting the companies rapid global growth and organizational transformation, including staffing, engagement, talent management and organizational and change management processes. Gal has proven coaching and mentoring skills which she applied during her work with executives and leaders as well as while managing teams of HR professionals. Gal’s experience and capabilities are significantly meaningful and impactful to Orca and will add to the enhancement of Orac’s employer value proposition.

Yoav Alon

CTO

Yoav is a security veteran recognized on Microsoft Security Response Center’s Most Valuable Research List (BlackHat 2019). Prior to joining Orca Security, he was a Unit 8200 researcher and team leader, a chief architect at Hyperwise Security, and a security architect at Check Point Software Technologies. Yoav enjoys hunting for Linux and Windows vulnerabilities in his spare time.