Essential Security for Google Cloud

Security for cloud and AI workloads

Security Command Center delivers default always-on security for cloud and AI workloads on Google Cloud.

Join the Security Command Center Community to find answers, build skills, stay up-to-date, and make connections.

Features

AI protection

Secure the entire AI stack and lifecycle from your agents, data, models, apps, platform, and infrastructure. Discover all AI assets and prioritize risks, secure user/model/agent interactions with Model Armor (protecting against prompt injection, sensitive data leakage, and harmful content), and detect and respond to AI-specific threats across the entire AI stack. Get visibility, control, and security for your AI innovation, from development to runtime.

Built-in threat detection

Detect active threats in near real-time using specialized detectors that are built into the Google Cloud infrastructure. Quickly discover malicious and suspicious activity in Google Cloud services, including Compute Engine, GKE, BigQuery, CloudRun, and more. Protect your organization with the industry's only Cryptomining Protection Program.

Virtual red teaming

Find high-risk gaps in cloud defenses by simulating a sophisticated and determined attacker. Virtual red teaming runs millions of attack permutations against a digital twin model of an organization’s cloud environment and can discover attack paths, toxic combinations, and chokepoints that are unique to each customer’s cloud environment.

Compliance Manager

Combine policy definition, control configuration, enforcement, monitoring, and audit into a unified workflow. Get an end-to-end view of the state compliance with easy monitoring and reporting. Use Audit Manager to automatically generate verifiable evidence to prove compliance to auditors.

Cloud posture management

Automatically scan your cloud environment to identify cloud misconfigurations and software vulnerabilities that could lead to compromise—without having to install or manage agents. High-risk findings are presented on the Security Command Center risk dashboard so you know which issues to prioritize.

Data security posture management

Data Security Posture Management (DSPM), provides governance for security and compliance of sensitive data. Using 150+ AI-driven data classifiers from Sensitive Data Protection, DSPM enables you to discover, secure, and monitor sensitive data. DSPM offers data map visualization for all data resources, advanced data controls for Google Cloud Storage, BigQuery, and Vertex AI. Protect sensitive data from security and compliance risks with DSPM.

Shift left security

Find security issues before they happen. Developers get access to thousands of software packages tested and validated by Google using Assured Open Source Software. DevOps and DevSecOps teams get posture controls to define and monitor security guardrails in the infrastructure, and can use infrastructure as code (IaC) scanning to implement consistent security policies from code to cloud by validating security controls during the build process.

Cloud Infrastructure and Entitlement Management (CIEM)

Reduce identity-related risks by granting users the minimum level of access and permissions needed to perform their job. Understand which users have access to which cloud resources, get ML-generated recommendations to reduce unused and unnecessary permissions, and use out-of-the box playbooks to accelerate responses to identity-driven vulnerabilities. Compatible with Google Cloud IAM, Entra ID (Azure AD), AWS IAM, and Okta.

Security Command Center

Description

Best for

Activation and pricing

Enterprise

Complete multi-cloud security, plus automated case management and remediation playbooks

Protecting Google Cloud, AWS and/or Azure with automated remediations

Subscription-based pricing

Premium

Best protection for Google Cloud includes: AI security, posture management, virtual red teaming, threat detection, data security, compliance management, and more

Google Cloud customers who want the most comprehensive security coverage

Subscription-based pricing OR Pay-as-you-go pricing with self-service activation

Standard

Essential security posture management, compliance and data security for Google Cloud only

Google Cloud environments requiring essential security protections

No cost auto-activation for new customers. Self-service activation and deactivation available.

Read about Security Command Center offerings in our documentation.

Complete multi-cloud security, plus automated case management and remediation playbooks

Best protection for Google Cloud includes: AI security, posture management, virtual red teaming, threat detection, data security, compliance management, and more

Subscription-based pricing OR Pay-as-you-go pricing with self-service activation

Essential security posture management, compliance and data security for Google Cloud only

No cost auto-activation for new customers. Self-service activation and deactivation available.

How It Works

Security Command Center allows you to proactively manage risks and respond to threats with posture management and threat detection for AI, infrastructure, and data. Get the best protection for Google Cloud with 175+ proprietary detectors and comprehensive AI Protection for the entire AI stack.

Common Uses

Full lifecycle AI security

Learning resources

Protect your entire AI stack and lifecyle

Protect the AI lifecycle from development to production. Secure the entire AI stack from data, to models, and agents. Discover and inventory your AI assets to assess interconnected risks using virtual red teaming. Secure AI and agent assets with preventative posture controls and runtime security that screens prompts, responses, and agent interactions. Detect and response to AI specific threats.

Protect the AI lifecycle from development to production. Secure the entire AI stack from data, to models, and agents. Discover and inventory your AI assets to assess interconnected risks using virtual red teaming. Secure AI and agent assets with preventative posture controls and runtime security that screens prompts, responses, and agent interactions. Detect and response to AI specific threats.

Risk-centric cloud security

Tutorials, quickstarts, & labs

Prioritize cloud risks that matter

Use virtual red team capabilities to quickly find the high-risk cloud security issues that could lead to significant business impact. Leverage a detailed risk dashboard to view attack path details, toxic combinations of issues, attack exposure scoring, and hand-crafted CVE information from Mandiant to prioritize response efforts.

Use virtual red team capabilities to quickly find the high-risk cloud security issues that could lead to significant business impact. Leverage a detailed risk dashboard to view attack path details, toxic combinations of issues, attack exposure scoring, and hand-crafted CVE information from Mandiant to prioritize response efforts.

Identifying and prioritizing cloud risks

Threat intelligence delivered within a cloud-native application protection platform wrapper enriches and prioritizes risk scoring to deliver on a promise of holistic, unified security.

Cloud workload protection

Detect active attacks

Discover when bad actors have infiltrated your cloud environment. Use specialized threat detectors built into Google Cloud and the industry's best threat intelligence to find cyber attacks, including malicious code execution, privilege escalation, data exfiltration, AI threats, and more.

Discover when bad actors have infiltrated your cloud environment. Use specialized threat detectors built into Google Cloud and the industry's best threat intelligence to find cyber attacks, including malicious code execution, privilege escalation, data exfiltration, AI threats, and more.

Security posture

Make Google Cloud safe for critical applications and data

Use agentless technology to proactively find vulnerabilities and misconfigurations in your Google Cloud environment before attackers can exploit them to access sensitive cloud resources. Then use virtual red team technology to discover possible attack paths and attack exposure scoring to prioritize the security issues that pose the most risk.

Use agentless technology to proactively find vulnerabilities and misconfigurations in your Google Cloud environment before attackers can exploit them to access sensitive cloud resources. Then use virtual red team technology to discover possible attack paths and attack exposure scoring to prioritize the security issues that pose the most risk.

Compliance Management

Streamline compliance: configure, monitor, and audit

Streamline compliance management workflows with a single solution to express, configure, monitor, and audit compliance intent. GRC professionals can work more productively by leveraging a comprehensive library of frameworks and cloud controls, automating audit processes and reporting, and gaining a unified view of risk across infrastructure, workloads, and data.

Streamline compliance management workflows with a single solution to express, configure, monitor, and audit compliance intent. GRC professionals can work more productively by leveraging a comprehensive library of frameworks and cloud controls, automating audit processes and reporting, and gaining a unified view of risk across infrastructure, workloads, and data.

Data Security and Compliance

Discover, govern, and protect sensitive data in the cloud

Reduce cloud data risks and compliance violations with Data Security Posture Management. Discover and classify sensitive information in both structured and unstructured data with Sensitive Data Protection. Visualize all your data resources organized by sensitivity and location. Govern and secure the access with advanced data controls for Google Cloud Storage, BigQuery, and Vertex AI.

Reduce cloud data risks and compliance violations with Data Security Posture Management. Discover and classify sensitive information in both structured and unstructured data with Sensitive Data Protection. Visualize all your data resources organized by sensitivity and location. Govern and secure the access with advanced data controls for Google Cloud Storage, BigQuery, and Vertex AI.

Generate a solution

What problem are you trying to solve?

What you'll get:

Step-by-step guide

Reference architecture

Available pre-built solutions

Pricing

How Security Command Center pricing works

Pricing is based on the total number of assets in the cloud environments being protected.

Product tier

Activation

Price USD

Available with one or multi-year subscription, with built-in term discounts

Pricing details

Available with one or multi-year subscription, or self-service activation with pay-as-you-go consumption pricing, at a project-level or organization-level

Automatically active by default for most organizations. Self-service activation and deactivation available.

No cost

Pricing is based on the total number of assets in the cloud environments being protected.

Available with one or multi-year subscription, with built-in term discounts

Available with one or multi-year subscription, or self-service activation with pay-as-you-go consumption pricing, at a project-level or organization-level

Automatically active by default for most organizations. Self-service activation and deactivation available.

SCC PAY-AS -YOU-GO PRICING

Learn about pay-as-you-go pricing for SCC Premium.

SCC SUBSCRIPTION PRICING

Connect with our sales team to get a quote for a one-year or multi-year subscription.

Get started today

Activate SCC Premium for Google Cloud

Start a 30 day Premium free trial

Take a course

Get more technical product information

Expand your cloud security knowledge