Pricing

Cloud & AI Security Platform

Your cloud & AI security HQ

Built for cloud and AI, Wiz AI-APP is the platform to secure your AI applications from code to runtime. Gain visibility and protection across infrastructure, models, data, and applications.

Your work email here

Trusted by more than 50% of Fortune 100 companies

Cloud and AI Security require a new approach

Secure every layer of an AI-native application across the entire AI development lifecycle at machine speed.

New application architecture

AI applications connect models, data,  and tools across dynamic cloud systems.

New risk landscape

AI expands the attack surface with new  threats and interactions.

New security challenge

Traditional tools provide siloed views, leaving critical AI risks unseen.

One platform to secure cloud and AI from code to runtime

The Wiz AI-Application Protection Platform provides end-to-end visibility and protection for cloud and AI systems across development, infrastructure, data, and runtime — helping teams understand risk and stop real threats.

Comprehensive Visibility

Discover every technology running in your code and cloud including AI models, agents, and services across PaaS platforms, custom deployments, and SaaS AI applications using multiple detection methods.

Prioritize Risk with Context

Connect context across infrastructure, models, identity, data, and applications to uncover exploitable attack paths impacting your cloud and AI applications.

Runtime Protection

Deep, real-time threat detection and response with the Wiz Sensor and agentless cloud telemetry, specifically designed for cloud and AI environments. Stop AI-native threats including prompt injection, rogue agents, and malicious AI behavior at runtime.

Harden in the AI-DLC

Meet your developers where they are and how they work with coding agent integrations that fix cloud and AI risks at the source to prevent issues from reaching your cloud.

The Wiz way

Secure every layer of cloud and AI applications

Get a Personalized Demo

Ready to see Wiz
in action?

Get a demo

Wiz AI-APP = Holistic security born in the cloud

Cloud security that enables innovation

Yes, Wiz integrates with

Wiz Integration (WIN) platform enables bi-directional sharing of security findings across the cloud security ecosystem to reduce risk, improve efficiency and enable an open cloud security ecosystem.

See our 200+ integrations

Your partner at every step of your cloud and AI journey

From your first steps in the cloud to building innovative AI applications in the cloud, Wiz is your partner for maturing your security program. Wiz helps organizations of every size and scale to secure everything they build and run in the cloud.

Featured resources

Ready to see Wiz in action?