Pricing

Protect Everything
You Build and Run

Wiz connects code, cloud, and runtime into a single security graph that provides the end-to-end context required to automate risk reduction and threat response, enabling security teams to operate at AI speed. AI alone doesn't make security faster. Context does.

Your work email here

Trusted by more than 50% of Fortune 100 companies

Anewdevelopmentreality.

Teamsnowshipapplications100×faster.AIgeneratescode,wiresinfrastructure,anddeploystoproductioninminutes.Ideasmovefromcodetopipeline,cloud,andruntimeinhours.

A new challenge for security

Traditional security was built for a slower era
scanning code, cloud, and runtime in silos, with manual correlation and human-driven processes across teams.

That approach doesn't scale in the AI era
where applications change constantly and attackers use AI to analyze code, infrastructure, and runtime as one system to find a path in.

Security, re-built for the AI era
Security must move as fast as development - understanding applications, continuously analyzing risk, responding to threats, and fixing issues in code. Security becomes continuous and automated, aligned with how modern software is built. Wiz makes this possible.

Security at AI speed, powered by context.

Wiz connects code, cloud, and runtime into a unified context graph. Context enables teams to use AI to fix exploitable risks at the source, stop attacks in real-time, and start secure from the IDE – automatically and accurately.

For the first time, defenders can move as fast as attackers - without sacrificing precision or slowing innovation.

Explore the platform

Ready to protect your cloud?

Schedule a call with a Wiz expert

Trusted by security teams all over the world

Wiz secures
the AI frontier

Most frontier AI labs rely on Wiz to secure their cloud, AI workloads, and the data powering next-generation innovation.

feedback

See what our users think about Wiz

Recognized market leader by top analysts

Driving Outcomes

0%Of customers achieve 0 criticals

Speed

"We began seeing information within 60 minutes and have now standardized to Wiz across our environment."

Erik Hart, CISO

0%Reduction in MTTR with security agents

Impact

"I have not seen anything else that can give you as big of an impact as Wiz."

Igor Tsyganskiy, Global CISO

0%Of active users are Dev/DevOps

Simplicity

"Wiz demystifies a lot of Azure, so we can understand it well enough to talk to other teams, despite not being cloud experts."

Illyan Tytel, Landscape Integrity Monitoring Senior Lead

Ready to see Wiz in action?